Add references for bagsList.putInFrontOf to Staking FAQ doc (#3174)
w3f/polkadot-wiki: docs/learn/learn-staking-faq.md

supports 50,000 nominator intentions, but can reward at most 22500 nominators in any given era. If
you nominate with, say 50 DOT, you are not guaranteed to be part of the top 22500 and hence you may
not earn staking rewards. The entry barrier to be an electing nominator is now determined
dynamically, based on market demand. 

The nominator intentions (up to 50,000) serve as a waitlist for the electing subset (22,500) which
receives rewards in each era. Having more number of nominator intentions than the electing subset
allows for the dynamic staking system to have some flexibility. For example, assume the top 1000
nominators all unbond their stake, having that extra buffer of nomination intentions becomes useful.

:::info If your account is in the last bag receiving staking rewards

> Within the context of a single bag, nodes are not sorted by their stake, but instead placed in insertion 

Reviewer: can combine the statements related to insertion order to create clarity: 

`...but instead placed in insertion order where accounts can put themselves in front of ...`

Reviewer 2: The sentence would read too long.

order. Accounts can put themselves in front of other accounts with lower stake in the same bag using the 

> 'bagsList.putInFrontOf' extrinsic. It's important to note that this process only puts you in front of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`bagsList.putInFrontOf` extrinsic. It's important to note that this process only puts you in front of
```
